# Entrepreneurship_NN
Project for predicting entrepreneurship level using Neural Networks

The algorithm used in this work is based on neural networks. Neural networks are a widely used machine learning method for decision making, mainly due to the power to perform predictive analysis. The biological concept of the neural network is imitated in this algorithm, through which it is intended to replicate the structure of the human brain, simulating the distributed processing mode. In 1974, the field of neural network research was advanced thanks to the development of the multilayer perceptron network (MLP) and thanks to the identification of the backpropagation algorithm in 1986. Currently, neural networks are used to solve problems of different fields such as finance, medicine, engineering, marketing ... etc. It has been widely used in activities related to classification, association, grouping, optimization, prediction, and control. One of the main advantages of the neural network is the ability to learn and model relationships that are not linear and highly complex, as well as that it does not impose any restrictions on the input variables (such as, for example, that these variables have to be equally distributed ). Likewise, it has been found in the reviewed literature that comparing an MLP network with an ARIMA model, the former usually has better results.

The neural network used in this study has been an RNN-LSTM network consisting of 5 layers of neurons: the input layer, 3 internal layers of 80 nodes each, and the output layer, all of them using the activation function 'relu '. The neural network has been implemented using the Keras framework. Once the network has been trained, it is necessary to evaluate its performance. The measures used to assess network performance are Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) and Mean Absolute Error (MAE). The RMSE is calculated by taking the square root of the average of the squared differences between the predicted and observed values. The MAE is calculated considering the average of all the absolute error values of the predictions.

Neural networks are based on 2 basic phases: training phase and testing phase. The data must be divided into 2 subsets so that they can be used in these phases. 70% of the data has been used to train the constructed neural network and the remaining 30% to test and evaluate its operation.
